[docs] Apache Hudi integration with YSQL (#23888)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/integrations/apache-hudi.md

  "name": "cdc-demo",
  "config": {
    "connector.class": "io.debezium.connector.yugabytedb.YugabyteDBConnector",
    "database.hostname": "'$IP'",
    "database.port": "5433",
    "tasks.max": "3",
    "database.master.addresses": "'$IP':7100",
    "database.user": "yugabyte",
    "database.password": "xxxxxxx",
    "database.dbname": "demo",
    "database.server.name": "dbs",
    "table.include.list": "public.cdctest",
    "database.streamid": "a4f8291c3737419dbe4feee5a1b19aee",
    "transforms":"pgcompatible",
    "transforms.pgcompatible.type":"io.debezium.connector.yugabytedb.transforms.PGCompatible",
    "key.converter.schemas.enable": "true",
    "value.converter.schemas.enable": "true",
    "tombstones.on.delete":"false",
    "key.converter":"io.confluent.connect.avro.AvroConverter",
    "key.converter.schema.registry.url":"http://schema-registry:8091",
    "value.converter":"io.confluent.connect.avro.AvroConverter",
    "value.converter.schema.registry.url":"http://schema-registry:8091"
  }
}'
```

### Validate the schema and verify Kafka topics

Launch the Confluent Control Center and verify the schema details and messages in the relevant topics.

> Access the Control Center at <http://{your_docker_container_IP_or_VM}:9021>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the Control Center at `http://{your_docker_container_IP_or_VM}:9021`.
```

> Start [populating the data from YugabyteDB](/preview/explore/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/get-started/#use-the-ysql-command-line-client), and ensure you are able to see the messages in **Control Center –> Topics –> Messages** (for example, <http://{your_docker_container_IP_or_VM}:9021/clusters/management/topics/cdc.public.cdctest/message-viewer>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start [populating the data from YugabyteDB](/preview/explore/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/get-started/#use-the-ysql-command-line-client), and ensure you are able to see the messages in **Control Center –> Topics –> Messages** (for example, `http://127.0.0.1:9021/clusters/management/topics/cdc.public.cdctest/message-viewer`).
```
